Adds changelog for full-stack GA support (#21485)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/workers/2025-04-08-fullstack-on-workers.mdx

- [Hono](/workers/frameworks/framework-guides/hono/)
- [Vue.js](/workers/frameworks/framework-guides/vue/)
- [Nuxt](/workers/frameworks/framework-guides/nuxt/)
- [Svelte (SvelteKit)](/workers/frameworks/framework-guides/svelte/)
- And [more](/workers/frameworks/).

The following frameworks are still in **beta**, but will be fully supported and GA in the next few months:

- [Next.js](/workers/frameworks/framework-guides/nextjs/), supported through [@opennextjs/cloudflare](https://opennext.js.org/cloudflare) is now `v1.0-beta`. Those using the OpenNext adapter will also be able to easily upgrade to the [recently announced Next.js Deployments API](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/discussions/77740).
- [Angular](/workers/frameworks/framework-guides/angular/)
- [SolidJS (SolidStart)](/workers/frameworks/framework-guides/solid/)

You can also build complete full-stack apps on Workers **without a framework**:

- You can [“just use Vite"](https://blog.cloudflare.com/introducing-the-cloudflare-vite-plugin) and React together, and build a backend API in the same Worker. Follow our [React SPA with an API tutorial](/workers/vite-plugin/tutorial/) to learn how.

> All together, these new additions allow you to build and host projects ranging from simple static sites to full-stack applications, all on Cloudflare Workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> **Get started building today with our [framework guides](/workers/frameworks/)**. Or, read more about our updates to building full-stack applications on Workers in our [Dev Week 2025 blog](https://blog.cloudflare.com/full-stack-development-on-cloudflare-workers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Get started building today with our [framework guides](/workers/frameworks/)**,  or read our [Developer Week 2025 blog post](https://blog.cloudflare.com/full-stack-development-on-cloudflare-workers) about all the updates to building full-stack applications on Workers.
```

---
title: Full-stack frameworks now generally available on Cloudflare Workers
description: Cloudflare Workers now provides production ready, generally available (GA) support for React Router v7 (Remix), Astro, Hono, Vue.js, Nuxt, Svelte (SvelteKit), and more.
products:
  - workers
  - workers-for-platforms
date: 2025-04-08T18:00:00Z

> hidden: true

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

---

import { Image } from "astro:assets";
import fullstackWorkers from "~/assets/images/changelog/workers/fullstack-on-workers.png";

> <Image src={fullstackWorkers} alt="Fullstack on Cloudflare Workers" />

Reviewer 3: I like the self-callout. I imagine the import statements are excluded from changelog text so maybe an image caption: "brought to you by Workers Assets and Astro"

We're excited to announce that the following frameworks are now fully supported and **generally available** on Cloudlfare Workers:

> - [React Router v7 (Remix)](/workers/frameworks/framework-guides/remix/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [React Router v7 (Remix)](/workers/frameworks/framework-guides/react-router/)
```

- [Astro](/workers/frameworks/framework-guides/astro/)
- [Hono](/workers/frameworks/framework-guides/hono/)
- [Vue.js](/workers/frameworks/framework-guides/vue/)
- [Nuxt](/workers/frameworks/framework-guides/nuxt/)
- [Svelte (SvelteKit)](/workers/frameworks/framework-guides/svelte/)
- And [more](/workers/frameworks/).

The following frameworks are still in **beta**, but will be fully supported and GA in the next few months:

> - [Next.js](/workers/frameworks/framework-guides/nextjs/), supported through [@opennextjs/cloudflare](/https://opennext.js.org/cloudflare) is now `v1.0-beta`. Those using the OpenNext adapter will also be able to easily upgrade to the [recently announced Next.js Deployments API](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/discussions/77740).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- [Next.js](/workers/frameworks/framework-guides/nextjs/), supported through [@opennextjs/cloudflare](https://opennext.js.org/cloudflare) is now `v1.0-beta`. Those using the OpenNext adapter will also be able to easily upgrade to the [recently announced Next.js Deployments API](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/discussions/77740).
```

- [Angular](/workers/frameworks/framework-guides/angular/)
- [SolidJS (SolidStart)](/workers/frameworks/framework-guides/solid/)

> You can also build complete full-stack apps on Workers **without a framework**:

Reviewer 3: should this plug Workers assets, Pages convergence features?

Author: I think I'm going to do a separate changelog for features we brought from  Pages to Workers - this section isn't quite relevant

> - You can [“just use Vite"](https://blog.cloudflare.com/introducing-the-cloudflare-vite-plugin) and React together, and build a backend API in the same Worker. Follow our [React SPA with an API tutorial](/workers/vite-plugin/tutorial/) to learn how.

Reviewer 3: how does this relate to the `without a framework` statement above?

Author: There's this trending notion right now that we're missing a "vanilla" react example -- meaning just using React and Vite without a frontend framework.
